README.md, before:

# ex.dagger

A simple example project that uses
- [IntelliJ](https://www.jetbrains.com/idea/) IDE Version 2018.1.4
- [Gradle](https://gradle.org) version 4 
  - [Gradle apt-idea plugin](https://github.com/tbroyer/gradle-apt-plugin#intellij-idea)
- [Dagger2 ](https://google.github.io/dagger/)

Branches:
- [MultiBindings](../../tree/MultiBindings)

## Gradle setup

### apt-idea plugin
We use the [Gradle apt-idea plugin](https://github.com/tbroyer/gradle-apt-plugin#intellij-idea) which will take 
care to correctly configure the annotation processing, so that the processors are run automatically when
we start a gradle build, and it will also configure the [IntelliJ IDE](https://www.jetbrains.com/idea/) correctly, so that 
it finds the generated files and treats them as source files.

```gradle
plugins {
    id 'java'
    id 'net.ltgt.apt-idea' version "0.15"
}
```
### dagger dependency
With the apt-idea plugin in place, we can use the `annotationProcessor`
configuration (we could also use the `apt` configuration which is added by the apt-idea plugin):

```gradle
final DAGGER_VER = '2.16'
dependencies {
    implementation "com.google.dagger:dagger:${DAGGER_VER}"
    annotationProcessor "com.google.dagger:dagger-compiler:${DAGGER_VER}"
}
```


## Related SO links
- [How do I configure IntelliJ/gradle to use dagger 2.0
](https://stackoverflow.com/a/50551416/6287240)
- [Annotation Processor in IntelliJ and Gradle
](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/42441844/annotation-processor-in-intellij-and-gradle)

Commit message:

links to multi-module branches

README.md, after:

# ex.dagger

A simple example project that uses
- [IntelliJ](https://www.jetbrains.com/idea/) IDE Version 2018.1.4
- [Gradle](https://gradle.org) version 4 
  - [Gradle apt-idea plugin](https://github.com/tbroyer/gradle-apt-plugin#intellij-idea)
- [Dagger2 ](https://google.github.io/dagger/)

Branches:
- [MultiBindings](../../tree/MultiBindings): shows how to use the [Multibindings feature](https://google.github.io/dagger/multibindings)
- [MultiBinding_MultiModule](https://github.com/tmtron/ex.dagger/tree/MultiBinding_MultiModule): shows a build error that can occur when using the [Multibindings feature](https://google.github.io/dagger/multibindings) in a [Multi Module Project](https://guides.gradle.org/creating-multi-project-builds/)
- [MultiBinding_MultiModuleOk](https://github.com/tmtron/ex.dagger/tree/MultiBinding_MultiModuleOk): shows how to fix the issue in [MultiBinding_MultiModule](https://github.com/tmtron/ex.dagger/tree/MultiBinding_MultiModule)

## Gradle setup

### apt-idea plugin
We use the [Gradle apt-idea plugin](https://github.com/tbroyer/gradle-apt-plugin#intellij-idea) which will take 
care to correctly configure the annotation processing, so that the processors are run automatically when
we start a gradle build, and it will also configure the [IntelliJ IDE](https://www.jetbrains.com/idea/) correctly, so that 
it finds the generated files and treats them as source files.

```gradle
plugins {
    id 'java'
    id 'net.ltgt.apt-idea' version "0.15"
}
```
### dagger dependency
With the apt-idea plugin in place, we can use the `annotationProcessor`
configuration (we could also use the `apt` configuration which is added by the apt-idea plugin):

```gradle
final DAGGER_VER = '2.16'
dependencies {
    implementation "com.google.dagger:dagger:${DAGGER_VER}"
    annotationProcessor "com.google.dagger:dagger-compiler:${DAGGER_VER}"
}
```


## Related SO links
- [How do I configure IntelliJ/gradle to use dagger 2.0
](https://stackoverflow.com/a/50551416/6287240)
- [Annotation Processor in IntelliJ and Gradle
](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/42441844/annotation-processor-in-intellij-and-gradle)
